README.md, before:


# ecommerce-backend

This is a node.js backend for an e-commerce site utilizing mysql2, sequalize, and express.

## Table of Contents
* [Ecommerce Backend Demo](#ecommerce-backend-demo)
* [Repository](#repository)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)

## Ecommerce Backend Demo

### Video demonstration



## Installation

Execute npm install to download the required dependenices: [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv), [express](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express), [mysql2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2), [sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize).

## Usage

In order to create the tables for the database please execute node server.js. In order to seed the database please execute npm run seed. Executing server.js will also run the server needed to execute the backend functions.



## License

MIT Opensource

<details><summary>Licensed under the MIT License</summary>

Copyright (c) 2021 - present | Chanel Mitchell

<blockquote>
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</blockquote>
</details>

Commit message:

Updated readme file with video demonstration

README.md, after:


# ecommerce-backend
Internet retail, also known as **e-commerce**, is the largest sector of the electronics industry, generating an estimated $29 trillion in 2019. E-commerce platforms like Shopify and WooCommerce provide a suite of services to businesses of all sizes.
This is a node.js backend for an e-commerce site utilizing mysql2, sequalize, and express.

## Built with
- JavaScript

## Table of Contents
* [Ecommerce Backend Demo](#ecommerce-backend-demo)
* [Repository](#repository)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)

### Video demonstration- Ecommerce Backend Demo

https://watch.screencastify.com/v/2sBBpWMj1lyXz9pGz3DJ

## Installation

Execute npm install to download the required dependenices: [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv), [express](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express), [mysql2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2), [sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize).

## Usage

In order to create the tables for the database please execute node server.js. In order to seed the database please execute npm run seed. Executing server.js will also run the server needed to execute the backend functions.



## License

MIT Opensource

<details><summary>Licensed under the MIT License</summary>

Copyright (c) 2021 - present | Chanel Mitchell

<blockquote>
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</blockquote>
</details>
